what's up YouTube general Tony here
coming back with the most requested
video you guys have ever once it in my
comment section so many I mean dozens
upon dozens have asked for this all
goblins all hey spells guys so we're
gonna be bringing you three raids in
today's video the first one is going to
be a couple of goblins a couple of wall
breakers and a load of different spells
then we're gonna be bringing you an all
goblin load of different spells raid and
then the third and the final raid it
will be live guys the goblins are made
these spells are brewing inside of the
factory guys we are gonna be doing all
goblins or hey spells what will the
outcome be I'm guessing it's gonna be
pretty crappy but stay tuned for you
guys let's go straight into Rey number
one so the first raid way kicking off to
you guys a hundred and ninety golems you
can see we have 15 more breakers as well
three rage spells one poison just in
cases the clan castle and of course the
haste spells we've got four of them bad
peaches this raid so let's see what
we're gonna be able to do gonna try and
break down a couple of the walls first
just so the heroes can go in and kind of
tank for our goblins so in note that a
place that he spells town just yeah I'm
gonna use all of the goblins first let's
just see weapons we've dropped one haste
spell on the right one haste spell on
the left sorry that was the wrong
direction there so we got the goblins
going in they are pretty much just going
so fast now but then hey spells are just
kind of wasted they were both already
dwindled away we've already lost nearly
every single one of the goblins on the
left hand side and there they go the
wizard so it takes them down
we run 29% guys haven't even managed to
hit 40 a bow not worried my brothers and
sisters we still have the heroes alive
so we got the King coming in towards the
actual storage I going to take out the
wizard tower now we've got the Queen
looking onto the gold storage guys but
you can see from that first raid they
already level four goblins and level 1
hey spells but you can see the first
raid was a complete bail do not worry my
brothers and sisters we are going to go
into a second raid so we're gonna speed
this up now just finishes off the Kings
about to go down there he goes let's see
if we can beat 40% in the second raid so
here we go array number 2 that we come
across this
soundhole 9 base now the reason I've
decided to attack this is because all of
the Splash Damage all for motors and the
edge of wizard towers are all situated
in the center of the base so this could
prove quite good we've got to try be 40%
already drop - hey spells down
straightway I believe we are using four
fingers here to deploy these goblins
guys four fingers going in look how many
there are
oh there look how many there are these
hey spells don't really last too long
though so we're gonna drop another he
spell around here please so you go into
a go bye-bye my brothers they are about
to absolutely get ripped but I swear
those goblins just jump from that side
of the wall to this side of the wall
when they got hit by the water there I
wasn't really sure I'm not too sure I
wasn't looking too well but I'm pretty
sure that just happened so we've still
got the heroes only on 16% and every
single one of our goblins have been
sacrificed to provide coverage for our
heroes so here we go the king and the
queen of bean drop we need to beat the
40 from the previous raid are we gonna
be able to do we've already dropped the
rage spell down guys don't forget the
NYX raid is going to be live it's gonna
be 11 hey spells
yeah poison that bitch go on you love
bitches die dad
oh my god guys the poison spell just
took out the archer tower oh that
is absolute clutch that is absolute
clutch so we got the Queen take it out
always the tower compact that bitch punt
that bitch take out Harry Potter go for
the cannon now than water she'll just
wipe that bitch out though she is down
the king is still alive are we gonna be
able to get into the dark elixir storage
it doesn't look like it's gonna happen
no no my friend you is there boy you is
dead and that is where the rate ends we
managed to get 35% so the first raid is
in first place obviously that was a
lower Town Hall bases while I was tan
away
this is townhall 9 but in all honesty
this base was pretty crappy so we are
about to go into the library guys since
I made the all haste spell oh hog video
this is all you've been asking for all
goblins always bar so we're gonna go
ahead and jam these hey spells how many
have we got here we're gonna Jen those
last two his spells there there we go
there Jen we're about to go in for a
live red pepper Uranus's guys we are
about to go in dry so this could be a
good one guys we've come across this
town away base now obviously there isn't
any loot inside of it really what 40,000
loot that's pretty much it but the good
thing about this all of the
two collectors are inside of the base
apart from a few so we're gonna drop a
couple of goblins here just to take out
these collectors come on and then we are
gonna go in with the Spurs guys we're
gonna go in with all the eleven hey
spells we've taken out without yet that
one's down that one's down all three are
down that was so fast so we are gonna
take out this mortar here I believe so
we're gonna drop the King the Queen
get them in there take out the Tesla
take out the water and then we're just
going to go for it guys we're gonna drop
the clan castle as well I'm not quite
sure what's inside of it let's just drop
this now as well what's in there what's
in there we got some wizards go with it
yeah we got wizard all right so we're
gonna rage up the King we're gonna drop
- oh why did I just drop - alright go on
make it way and make it way and make a
double finger double finger triple
finger boy can we get four on can we get
fly fingers on the screen how many
fingers I've got I can't see all we're
dropping these goblins pretty fast oh
there they go there we go and now we are
gonna hey spell - ow - say they come on
come on look at that there are so many
hey spells inside of there did we just
lose all our governings where they all
gone that looks so sexy look at that
damn
where are the Copeland's have been
pretty much wasted guys but don't worry
we're at 42% we've already gotten a town
hoedown Larry's have popped up we got
any goblins left anywhere no no goblins
left guys but we've still got the Queen
there let's just smash her special
ability she's gonna be able to clean the
two stars here probably let's see if
she's gonna be able to do it so we're up
to 44 I went up to 45 come on classic
clutch a clutch a 47% she's climbing
ever so slowly guys we need her to veer
away from the Archer tower she's 49 more
a bitch what's a lipid bitch look at
that loot bonus though guys so much
money so there it was guys the old
goblin oh hey spells raid it was always
gonna be a fel guys it was always gonna
be fair even if they were max levels but
it is what you requested so I never mind
doing it
comment down below what you want me to
do next don't forget to hit that like
button if you enjoyed the video guys sub
to the channel if you haven't already as
ever thank you so much for watching and
supporting these video support in a
channel supporting everybody so we'll
see you in the future